
[[ArgonSDK]] is an Unreal Engine 4 project specialized for creating modded content for Chivalry 2. It attempts to mimic the real development environment ("SDK") used by Torn Banner developers. Due to unofficial nature of this project, it inevitably has a set of limitations that will be discussed below.

This project is designed to function within the `Chivalry 2 Unchained` infrastructure, which offers a streamlined process for mod distribution and loading.

### Materials

> [!todo] TODO: Nihi
> Add links for materials

You are provided with following content to support you on your modding path:

- ArgonSDK project for Unreal Engine 4.25.4 
- this Field Guide
- generated docs on TB C++ / Blueprint classes 
- (WIP) Released Mods as [[Case Studies]] (GiantSlayers, FilthyPeasants, FlashBlades)
- Examples
	- Maps
	- Mutators
	- In-game GUI (Widgets)
	- Texture and Model replacements

> [!question] HALP
> Should you encounter any issues with this guide or the processes described, don’t hesitate to ask a question in our `#modding` or `#tutorial-help` Discord channels at  [Chivalry 2 Unchained](https://discord.gg/chiv2unchained)

# What can I create using ArgonSDK?


> [!todo] TODO: Nihi
> Blabla
# What is an Asset?

> [!CITE] Unreal Engine Wiki
> Any piece of content in an Unreal Engine project is an **Asset**. You can think of Assets like building blocks that you use to create your game and application.
> Assets can be of many different types, such as Static Meshes, Materials, particle systems, and sound cues. Some Assets are created outside Unreal Engine (for example, in other 3D applications like Maya or 3ds Max). Other Assets, such as Blueprints, are created directly inside the engine.
# Asset Types

In terms of usability within Unreal Engine, there are two distinct asset types:

- Raw Assets
- Cooked Assets

> [!warning]
> Both asset types share the same extension (`.uasset`).

## Raw Assets
These are the assets that you can edit within UE. Any external file (e.g. PNG) will be converted into a raw asset when you import it.

Raw assets are located within `ArgonSDK/Content` folder.

```mermaid
flowchart TB

subgraph Raw Assets
	direction TB
	ea -- import --> ra
	subgraph UE[Unreal Engine]
		direction LR
		ra[Raw Assets]
		ac[New Assets] -- create --> ra
	end

	subgraph ea[External Assets]
		direction LR
		e1[Model.fbx]
		e2[Texture.png]
		e3[(Other files)]
		e1 ~~~ e2
		e2 ~~~ e3
	end
end

```

## Cooked Assets

This type of assets is generated by UE through a process called cooking. Cooked assets can be loaded directly by the game but are no longer editable within UE.

Cooked assets are located under:
`ArgonSDK/Saved/Cooked/WindowsNoEditor/TBL/Content`

```mermaid
flowchart LR
subgraph Cooking
	direction LR
	A(Raw Assets) --> U[Unreal Engine] -- Cooking --> C(Cooked Assets)
end
```

# Mod development process

On a high level, the development process can be described like this:

```mermaid
flowchart LR
subgraph Mod Development
	direction LR
	subgraph UE[Unreal Engine]
		direction TB
		ac[Asset Creation] --> am[Asset Modifications]
		am --> Cooking
	end	

	subgraph Game
		Cooking --> val{Testing}
		val -- BAD --> am
	end

	val -- OK --> Release

	subgraph Release
		direction TB
		UnrealPak --> pak[Pak File]
		pak --> Distribution
	end
end
```

> [!todo] TODO: Nihi
> Blabla
### Loose vs Packaged assets

The game can load both PAKs and loose files (Copied from `ArgonSDK/Saved/..`). Distribution via UnchainedLauncher requires you to package your mods. This procedure is further explained in [[T5 Distributing your Mod]]

```mermaid
flowchart LR
subgraph Distribution / Testing
	direction LR
	C2(Cooked Assets) -- Copy --> cp[Game]
	C2 -- UnrealPak --> E(Pak File) --> cp
end
```
# Actors
# Blueprints
# Recommended UE4 Beginner Tutorials
# Limitations

# Getting Started